[Music]
oh
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain a thriller film which is
the directorial debut of david marmor
entitled 1br
1br tells the story of a young woman
named sarah moving into a new apartment
in a beautiful and peaceful environment
but she didn't know that her decision
brought her to the psychopathic
association
can sarah get out of the apartment let's
find out together
one br begins with a scene that shows a
group of people living in an apartment
complex who look happy
and help each other but is it true that
life without conflict
is real in a community the scene
continues and shows sarah looking for a
new apartment
in los angeles after seeing an
advertisement for a cielo del mar's
apartment
she stopped by and have a look this
apartment itself attaches great
importance to the safety of its
residents because it can be seen
that there are cctv cameras everywhere
to open the front door
they have to use a remote that locks the
door automatically
a man she met said that they put up
tight security after an intruder tried
to enter their apartment area
in the apartment complex everything
looked pleasant green area
swimming pool and the residents are kind
and always smiling to each other
there sarah met an old woman who looked
a bit eccentric with thick makeup which
was starting to go senile and almost
fell into the swimming pool
in the open house arena sarah could see
many people looking at the apartment
area and there sarah could see that
there were some strange marks on the
walls
after being asked by jerry sarah said if
she wanted to start a new life in los
angeles
sarah also lied about owning a pet even
though she has a cat named giles all
residents in this apartment
are prohibited from bringing pets it
turns out that sarah moved to los
angeles because she wanted to stay away
from her father so she ran away from
home
her father had an affair with diana the
nurse who cared for her mother when she
was dying
now her mother has died sarah hates her
father so much that she doesn't want to
see her father again
sarah finally got a job in an office
there she has a co-worker named lisa who
is so vocal
and doesn't care about anyone lisa is
definitely someone who doesn't want to
be controlled by anyone
sarah gets a call from jerry saying
she's been selected to rent the
apartment in his place
unbeknownst to her the phone call was
the start of her nightmare
from then on her life would never be the
same again
when she moved sarah saw a man with dark
beep glasses watching her from afar but
her confusion was immediately solved
when she met brian the handsome man she
had a crush on since the first time she
met
sarah was carrying her cat and she was
trying hard to hide it
that afternoon all the apartment
residents held a barbecue party to
welcome sarah into their community
what a community that is so supportive
of one another
sarah met again with grandma who seems
so friendly and kind to everyone
but this granny looks senile she even
mispronounced sarah's name
when introducing their other neighbors
who worked as lawyers and doctors
everyone is so lovely and very friendly
to sarah made her so comfortable in her
new neighborhood
sarah was then accompanied by the man
with black glasses again
the man gave her a book called the power
of community sarah wasn't interested in
the man at all on the contrary
she was very interested in brian sarah
really wanted to be a designer that's
why she always carried her sewing
machine with her wherever she went
that night sarah tried to sleep but
instead she heard a strange sound as if
there was a moving pipe and running
water
the noise kept her from getting a good
night's sleep as if a man is busy fixing
the plumbing at night
the next night when going to sleep sarah
heard the same sound again
so that her sleep was disturbed again
one night sarah tried to find her cat
but she couldn't find it while looking
she accidentally saw edith walking alone
outside
looks like edith is sleepwalking sarah
then took edith back to her room
then she found a book called the power
of community the same book
that the bespectacled man gave her the
man turned out to be lester
edith told her that lester had just lost
his wife to cancer
when she returned to her room sarah
could not sleep again because the sound
of the pipes moving again appeared and
disturbed her sleep all night
when she woke up the following day sarah
saw someone who had tucked a letter
under her apartment bore
and then ran away when opened she was so
surprised by a letter warning about the
prohibition of keeping animals in the
apartment
sarah immediately ran outside to look
for the culprit who put the letter
still she only saw amiable people when
she passed her until finally
the man with beaked glasses lester
appeared again
but he immediately left when sarah saw
him the next night
lisa came to visit sarah's apartment the
two of them talked a lot more
sarah said that she had the desire to
return home to meet her father
but lisa said if sarah had to determine
her own life while saying the slogan in
her life
it's your [ __ ] life that night sarah
finally
fell asleep without the noise from the
noisy pipes again but in the middle of
her sleep she smelled a burning smell
coming from her kitchen
when she checked she was shocked to find
her cat giles burning in the oven
what happened next was so tense sarah
was held captive by a man in the
darkness who immediately tied her to a
bench
is this man lester is he wants to rape
her but when the lights are turned on
it turns out that the culprit is brian a
handsome neighbor whom she admires so
much
even if you open a suitcase and take out
a syringe sarah struggled to free
herself from the bonds in her seat
she then argued with brian and sarah
managed to escape out of her room
in the middle of the corridor she meets
esther who strangely helps brian to
incapacitate her
so is everyone in this apartment a
psychopath when she is tied to the floor
sarah finds everyone starting to look at
her but no one to help her
turns out they knew if sarah intended to
move out of the apartment
then jerry came and looked at her brian
then injected sarah and she passed out
sarah was lying in an empty room with
the door shut and all the windows
covered with nailed boards
many times she begged for help but no
one helped until finally jerry and brian
came
they said that sarah had quit her job
closed her bank accounts and credit
cards
then jerry plays a voice recording of
lisa getting angry
because of sarah's words to their boss
they've almost got lisa fired
it was as if sarah was being made to
distance herself from everyone she knew
and change her identity brian then asked
sarah to face the wall
and put her hand on the wall at that
moment she realized that there was a
strange mark on the wall that she saw
for the first time at the open house
jerry says if there are only two rules
in the apartment if sarah obeys
then she will get a reward but if she
rebels then there is only punishment
has happened to lester who lost his eye
and damaged his right ear
because he tried to escape sarah then
faced a wall with her hands against the
wall
she was told to bend over to form a
stressful position that was so painful
sarah now had to stand in the position
as long as the light was on
if the light was off then she could rest
sarah obviously couldn't contain her
fear and sadness but she couldn't do
anything
because she was being watched by cctv
cameras hours sarah had to bend in that
painful position until nightfall
and finally the lights went out she
immediately fell down
exhausted then she was only given a
drink without food
when the lights came on sarah had to
hunker down in that painful position for
hours
sarah had to do this painful activity
many times until finally
edith came to visit her edith explains
that all residents in this apartment
have to go through all these trials
including herself even though she is
very old but she made it through
then sarah must be able to edith
explained that nowadays
many people no longer care about the
people around them or their community
so everyone is made to support each
other in this apartment
finally sarah can no longer hold on even
though the light is still on
then she gets punished the punishment is
that her hands must be nailed to the
wall
sarah was so scared but she couldn't do
anything when brian started nailing her
hands to the wall
not just one but both hands sarah
suddenly could hear her father's voice
saying
that he had come to pick her up even
though it was all a ruse
sarah who had a high desire to run away
finally pulled her hand which was still
glued to the wall
finally jerry and brian came into her
room and started hugging sarah
they said they were proud of sarah who
was able to endure all these initiations
sarah then began to be bathed and
treated it turns out that everyone in
this apartment also has nail marks on
their hands as if to mean
that they have all gone through the pain
sarah went through
sarah finally escaped the initiation of
the residents of the psychopathic
apartment
she was given new clothes and taken to a
room where she was interrogated by a lie
detector
sarah was asked about all things
personal including her sexual life
because everyone in this community must
be honest and open with each other
even down to the most personal things
sarah begins to be taken around and
explained about her environment where
they no longer meet the outside world
and support each other
even people coming out of their
apartments are controlled by a remote
controlled by jerry
sarah started telling jerry that she
hated her father
that's what made sarah leave the house
sarah was then asked
if you wanted to be part of the
community and of course she didn't
but sarah can't lie because the lie
detector always knows
if she's telling the truth or not
everyone in this community was
brainwashed by charles d
ellerbe who wrote the book the power of
community in this community
everyone looks like they have a
psychopathic soul because they can hurt
each other but quickly forgive
and become family again sarah tried many
times to get into this environment until
she finally started getting a chance to
grab a knife but once again
lester gave her the signal not to does
lester really want to leave this
community too
sarah is then ushered into a room
equipped with cctv cameras where she and
brian keep an eye on everyone living in
the apartment
imagine there is no privacy in the
apartment even when going to the
bathroom
because they will all be monitored by
cctv also
in the surveillance room sarah realized
that there were cctv cameras watching
them
if supervisors are being watched then
who is really watching over them
on the monitor sarah saw edith who
started acting strange
and almost heard her realizing that
sarah finally managed to save edith from
danger
now edith is lying down dying everyone
in the community then came to see her
but unbeknownst to sarah if this is the
last time for edith to see the world
if a member is too old and can no longer
contribute to this community
then that person must be killed by
forcing them to breathe gas
sarah didn't think this would happen but
she couldn't do anything about it
edith finally had to die and ended her
time in this world
sarah was then asked again if she wanted
to be a part of this community
and sarah said yes and this is the end
of her initiation
finally sarah became part of the
community and was greeted so
boisterously by all the residents
sarah was asked to kneel then the back
of her ear was branded with a hot iron
indicating that she was already part of
the community finally
after the welcome party jerry announced
that sarah would be betrothed to lester
sarah couldn't say anything and tried to
lie to herself because she knows
that she has to accept all the rules
shared in the psychopathic community
sarah and lester are finally married as
a couple sarah ends up moving into
lester's room and has to live with him
lester had already waited for sarah in
his room and sarah knew she didn't want
to have any relationship with lester
luckily jerry came and said that sarah's
dad came looking for her
is this a sign sarah can run away from
this community sarah is finally reunited
with her father but she must make her
father go away for good
otherwise her father will be killed her
father came into her room and tried to
persuade sarah
sarah showed an attitude as if you
really hated her father because brian
was waiting and could kill her father at
any time
sarah was forced to speak harshly and
shoot her father out of her apartment
her father said that he was very sorry
for what he did in the past for
betraying her mother
sarah almost melted but she knew that
this was wrong and her father could die
finally sarah lydon said that she told
her late mother that her father was
having an affair
her father was so angry that he slapped
her and left
sarah returned to leicester's room it
turns out that leicester is not what
sarah imagined
he had sarah's sewing machine ready for
her lester said that he also found it
very difficult to accept his life in
this community
he even tried so hard to escape and kill
himself but now
they have to accept their fate in this
hell sarah is back on duty to monitor
cctv
and now she sees people coming to see
the apartment it was there that he saw
lisa come looking for a new apartment
it turned out that lisa was chosen to
live in the apartment and she started
moving
sarah just realized that all sleep
disturbances are intentional to stress
the new residents
eventually lisa began to going through
psychopathic initiation where she was
told to stand facing a wall but lisa
wasn't like the submissive sarah
she is tough rebellious and challenging
to manage sarah was eventually asked to
speak to her to submit and be a part of
this community
but lisa is really stubborn sarah says
that she is happy right now but lisa
knows full well that she is not
so as she always said it's your [ __ ]
life sarah knows if she's trying to
accept all this
even though her little heart says she
doesn't want to be in this place when
lisa tried to run away
she was finally stopped by jerry who
immediately tied her hands
sarah was forced by jerry to hold lisa's
head because she was about to stick an
ice pick into lisa's ear
and sarah knows she can do this once
again lisa said
it's your [ __ ] life that made sarah
realize that she doesn't want this kind
of life
without a word sarah immediately stuck
the ice all right into jerry's neck
just as they were just out the door
jerry shot lisa in the head and killed
her
at this time jerry was about to chase
sarah but sarah went straight to kill
jerry with the ice pick
sarah remembers that jerry had a remote
for opening the gate and when she took
the gun from jerry's hand
sarah realized that jerry was part of
the victim just like her
so who is really in charge of all this
sarah came out
and she tried to scare everyone with a
gun in her stagnation sarah tries to
convince everyone that they can all
choose to leave because they all have a
choice
everyone here actually wanted to go but
they all couldn't go because they were
too scared
brian came in and explained that
everyone in the apartment couldn't leave
and they all knew that
sarah says if jerry is dead and they can
all go brian said that jerry wasn't a
mastermind behind trapping them all in
this apartment
sarah couldn't help herself and she
accidentally shot brian and killed him
sarah tried to get out by pressing the
remote to open the gate
and at the end of the door sarah was
stopped by a man and lester took
sarah's gun sarah begged lester to just
shoot her because she didn't want to be
there anymore
in the end lester shot the man who
intercepted sarah and shot himself as if
to indicate that he really wanted to
leave the community as well
sarah finally managed to get out of the
psychopaths apartment and she
immediately ran to the edge of her
freedom
but strangely along the way she did not
meet anyone
at that moment she found an apartment
signed next to her apartment that said
it belonged to the cde
which was the initials of charles d
allerby so is her apartment
not charles d allerby's only
psychopathic apartment
suddenly the warning light flashed and
all the housing complexes there
immediately flashed a warning light
so actually sarah is still not separated
from this community
in fact all the communities in this
apartment are also supervised by a
larger section
sarah also ran as fast as she could even
though she didn't know if she could be
free from all this nightmare
subscribe for more storyline videos
let's unpacked it together
[Music]
you